there's a famous picture that's going
around of a girl who's allegedly
underage plenty of well-known
celebrities right there in the picture
if you're a big star who used to go to a
lot of Diddy parties right now you are
sweaty Diddy got a ton of money he got a
ton of influence the reason people have
been quiet so many years is because I
believe they're afraid for their lives I
mean he can get hit men to come out and
touch you he has a lot to lose and
people that have a lot to lose will do
crazy
think it does look ridiculous in light
of other well-known defendants who are
charged with similar types of crimes
they are getting out they are posting
large multi-million dollar bailes it
doesn't seem reasonable that he wouldn't
be given that same
consideration a federal judge will
decide this week whether sha Diddy
combes can be released on baales he
awaits charges on racketeering and sex
trafficking even behind did he is facing
claims of Foul Play prosecutors say he's
attempted to corruptly influence witness
testimony by asking his family members
to contact potential Witnesses Diddy has
also reportedly issued a cease and
desist order a renew documentary about
his one-time prodige shy there are also
reports of a shadowy campaign to
intimidate influences who've reported on
Diddy's downfall last week Amala eobi
told us this before we finish I want to
talk to you just completely separately
about P Diddy just yesterday uh we had
two private investigators sorry the day
before yesterday go ahead and visit an
old resident of mine trying to figure
out whether or not they've been paid by
a certain institution company entity to
discuss pid's uh lawsuits and his
connection to other celebrities they
also let me know that had they found out
I was paid by a certain company entity
client they would offer to pay me to
disclose exactly who that was and they'd
like to know the business deal that I
made with them in order to pay me more
to promote the opposite narrative we
joining me now for a Whistle Stop update
on the latest criminal defense attorney
Stacy Schneider Brandon Tatum host of
The Office of Tatum and the rapper
producer and commentator Lord Jamal
welcome to all of you Stacy Schneider
let me talk with you um from a a legal
perspective obviously Diddy's in deep
trouble uh but all these extra things
that have been bubbling around talk of
you know maybe corrupting potential
Witnesses etc etc
how much worse is that all potentially
making his
situation a whole lot worse Piers that
type of conduct if it's really going on
can be introduced into the trial in
front of the jury and it shows indish or
consciousness of guilt someone trying to
corrupt the proceedings allegedly now
this has been alleged but you know
they're saying the prosecution brought
up in his past bail hearing last week
that he was abusing his phone priv
prives in prison now he has a set list
of people he can call out to and he
allegedly was using other inmates phone
lines or phone time to call out to
people he wanted to speak to and they
were alleging that could be witness
tampering and that's a really bad move
on anyone who is incarcerated pending
trial officer ttim I mean it just seems
to be a scandal that with every week
gets more fuel more fire more names
enter the kind of rumor mill about this
do you think we're looking at something
that could just be a lot lot bigger than
people
realize May Pier I think a thousand perc
if you listen to the lyrics of p didy
and some of these other people over the
years they are telegraphing some of the
things that P Diddy is accused of and
I'm not shocked I mean if you know you
talk about him calling Witnesses and
tampering with Witnesses are you shocked
this guy is a mogul and he's not going
to he's going to do his best to not
spend the rest of his life in prison and
of course he's going to try to make his
image look better calling his kids
having them put it online and all of
that other stuff but we all know that
this guy has been doing this for a long
time Cassie is not the first and she
wasn't in my opinion she was with him
when he was doing this to other women
and then you go off and look at the
totality of circumstances with the
industry and how many people are
involved I think TD JS could be involved
there's a whole bunch of people that
have been to these Diddy parties that
are probably going to be implicated Lord
Jamal we spoke in a few times since this
Scandal broke I presume you're hearing a
lot of stuff from people in the music
world how panicky are people getting
there are reports from a TMZ uh
documentary called the downfall of Diddy
inside the freak offs where claim that
high-profile celebrities are reaching
out to victims and offering them money
in exchange for avoiding any public
exposure are you hearing stuff like
that I haven't heard anything directly
like that I've seen things online but I
will say uh you know behind the scenes a
lot of names are starting to be thrown
around people that were uh Close
Associates with Diddy and uh yeah I
think these people are very worried
about what may be coming out uh in the
very near future I want to play a clip
this is from November the 4th but it's
where Shan com spoke to his children uh
on the day of his 51th birthday let take
a look at this happy birthday to
Daddy y
[Applause]
y so much we love you love you I can't
wait to see y'all can't wait to see
y'all I'm just want to say I'm proud of
y'all proud of y'all especially the
girls I mean all of y'all but just for
being strong thank youall for being
strong and thank you'all for being by my
side and supporting me I love yall I got
the best family in the world well Mr AC
Schneider we saw that obviously designed
put out on social media designed to make
him look like a good father good family
man the last person who could possibly
be guilty of these incredibly serious
things he's been charged with we also
when he was at the Bale hearing and I'll
come to that in a moment with you uh you
know he seemed to wink and laugh at the
media um his own behavior here how
relevant will that be in the in the
general
mix so prosecutors that video we just
saw with the family as him trying to
allegedly tamper with the jury pool and
create this image but I don't really buy
it and as a criminal defense attorney I
don't think there was much wrong with
the family video he wasn't signaling to
Witnesses in the case he wasn't
commenting on the evidence in the case
he wasn't even declaring his innocence
he was merely sending out a video of his
family wishing him well for his birthday
and when he goes to trial there is no
doubt in my mind and I know as an
attorney I would tell him to do this I
would have his family sitting in the
front row behind him showing their
support it's very important that you
show that people um you know are vested
in the outcome of the case that you have
family members involved and it's
important this man is in media and I
don't blame him for trying to sway the
Optics and show he's a good family guy I
think that has no effect on the outcome
of the case and it should not affect
bail but he's done plenty of other
things that are um going to go against
his getting bail and this should be the
least of it yeah I mean on the issue of
the bail the court rejected the idea
that Diddy be kept under house arrest at
his Island Home in Miami uh the district
judge said that's not going to work
however the judge did seem to
potentially open the possibility to
confinement with aroundthe clock
security at a three-bedroom department
on Manhattan's upper Rec side I mean
from everything you've gleaned from this
case Stacy How likely is it that he will
be let out on
bail so I'm calling it 5050 right now um
the reason they didn't want to use the
Miami house is because it actually has a
boat um deck or a boat Pier behind the
house and they were worried about people
coming up behind the house the New York
City apartment which is this
three-bedroom apartment in New York
which isn't that large for a mogul like
that which is interesting but um that
they're going to hire private people
they've proposed hiring private people
to guard that to monitor who comes in
and out who he can speak to from from
the home what phone lines are available
to him but the problem is I don't know
that the judge is going to give him that
break which most defendants would get
with these types of charges I mean such
an unusual case this isn't like he's a
danger to the community at large he's a
danger to The Limited number of people
he allegedly engaged in but I think that
his the use of his resources extending
out and his alleged attempts while he's
in prison to reach out to Witnesses
potentially is going to hamper the
judge's uh decision to let this happen
but in all fairness they probably should
give him that opportunity based on the
charges obious Tatum I mean during the
hearing the defense lawyer uh Mark
agnifilo disputed the prosecutor's
contention but a 2016 Hotel surveillance
video of Diddy assaulting his former
girlfriend Cassandra Ventura we
mentioned this early known as Cassie
obviously show there was a risk you
would act violently If released I mean
you know it wasn't just that video that
we've had a lot of women uh come forward
and talk about either what happened to
them or to other people other women
involving his uh you know his tendency
to commit acts of violence against women
this idea of whether he's a danger to
the public he's obviously a violent guy
we saw it with our own eyes when you
drag a woman through a hotel Corridor
oblivious to the fact there are cameras
and just start beating her up um that's
a dangerous guy as far as I'm
concerned well I think he's
conditionally dangerous meaning that
when he's in situations where his anger
gets the best of him he lash out on
people and can really do some damage
obviously we saw on camera one incident
I'm sure he beat her all the time at
least that's what she alleged so I think
that when when they're looking at
whether or not he's consistently violent
it's not like he's in the streets doing
drrive by shootings and got bodies on
his record so they're not going to
consider him to be a present dangerous
person however his financial means and
the history of alleged things that he's
been involved in which using other
people to commit crimes is the thing
that I think they should be most worried
about P did he got a ton of money he got
a ton of influence the reason people
have been quiet so many years is because
I I believe and this is my opinion I
think that they're afraid for their
lives I mean he can get hit in to come
out and touch you right and he's wrapped
about it he's been involved with
situations like that people think he has
something to do with two
uh death and so I think that they should
consider that him being out could cause
him to use other people to act on his
behalf to do violent things to get him
out he has a lot to lose and people that
have a lot to lose will do crazy things
yeah I mean Lord Jamal I mean look he's
always portrayed himself yes as a mogul
but also as a bit of a gangster and I
always think when people show you who
they are you should believe them you
know I do think that what off Tatum said
there has got Merit I think this is a
dangerous violent character who is used
to control whose life is currently
spiraling out of control uh and as such
I would think he might represent a
danger to people particularly those as
offic tat him said who might want to
testify against
him I mean you know as someone that knew
him like coming up as a teenager he
didn't have a gangster type of
background but I must say once you get
money and influence and all this type of
stuff it will feed people's ego and make
them feel you know more Brazen and
Bolder than they are I just want to uh
comment though on the bail thing that's
kind of curious to me as to uh why they
wouldn't give him bail but they would
give somebody like Michael Jeff's bail
10 million or something like that I
couldn't agree with you more yeah I
sorry I couldn't agree with you more I
was shocked that they wouldn't give him
bail he has the resources to put up an
enormous bail prosecutors offered his
Miami home which they say is worth $48
million they offer to post a $50 million
bail they can restrict his movements
they can put an ankle bracelet on him I
don't understand why he didn't get bail
either this is such an unusual
indictment to begin with racketeering
for the purposes of sex trafficking um
it just seems odd I agree with you on
that and Lord Jamal look one of the
things is also bubbling over here uh in
terms of legal maneuverings did he
reportedly sent a cease and deist letter
over this new documentary about his
onetime pre shine now it was 25 years
ago for those who don't know this story
that shine reportedly took the fall for
Diddy over a 1999 nightclub shooting uh
source is close to him so he wasn't
attempting to block this film but wanted
to ensure factual accuracy after shine
alleged that he took the fall for Diddy
in this
shooting what do you think the reality
is about this is Diddy just panicking
that stuff like that in his back catalog
from a quarter of a century ago which is
sort of he'd moved on from May now all
come back to haunt
him I think there's a bunch of things
that Diddy did in the past a bunch of
snips and interviews where he revealed
certain things about his personality and
the things that might have been going on
you know you see little videos of him
and Justin Bieber and he's talking about
oh yeah the parties get really wild and
all this type of stuff I think all of
that stuff is going to come back to bite
him um in the end you know um I mean
someone who knew him I mean how will he
be dealing with incarceration this is
somebody used to the high life you know
Mansions private jets all the money he
could possibly want in the Glamorous
parties and so on how will he deal with
being in a cell and potentially as he
knows facing never coming
out I mean he's not going to enjoy it
but as somebody with money you can
maneuver much better in jail than
someone that doesn't have money this is
why he has the ability to get other uh
inmates phone time and you know you can
get extra food and all that I'm sure
he's paying cos to go out and get them
outside food and all that type of stuff
that you know that exists and when you
have money you can kind of maneuver but
you're still in jail and for someone
like him with a massive ego and just the
massive appetites and the type of
Lifestyle he's been living so long it's
still got to be a hell for him yeah and
Stacy um the other hell FR is that every
day seems to bring new allegations and
with all of these cases when someone's
as famous as this you know some of them
will be true and some of them will be
people trying to scam the system uh and
it's you know the the authorities have
to try and Wade their way through all of
this and work out the wheat from the
chaff in terms of credibility you know
there's one story of sing a songwriter
tan Wallace who said that a 2018 party
she saw miners this is a diddy party
miners dressed up she said like Harajuku
Barbie's red lipstick looking real sexy
um Diddy's lawyer said she has no
credibility her claims about free cost
and miners are completely categorically
false but it comes at the time when a
lot of other people have come forward to
also suggest that miners were involved
in these
parties yeah you know prosecutors have a
huge advantage over Sean Colmes in this
case and his lawyers because there are
so many civil lawsuits pending now
against him prosecutors that's a mine of
evidence for them to use they can go to
all those lawyers they can sift through
whatever documents or videos or text
messaging they have can they okay that's
okay let me stop you there I'm very
interested by that I didn't know that so
if they're if they're if they're waging
a criminal prosecution do they have
unlimited powers to go to all the Civil
actions and get all that discovered
evidence yes it would be by request but
if the government has cause to believe
that some of the Civil actions that
there's evidence in there that they need
for their case they can subpoena that
they can also subpoena celebrities as
Witnesses in this case if they're
watching videos and there are
celebrities in there and they feel that
their testimony is relevant they can do
that so the government's going to be
very interested in looking at all the
evidence in those civil cases in
addition to the evidence that the
government already has now when I say
evidence obviously it has to be tried in
court but don't forget the um the FBI
raided both of his homes in Los Angeles
and Miami and sealed all sealed I'm
sorry seized all kinds of alleged
evidence which they named in the
indictment which was allegedly rifles
with serial numbers that were etched out
and I I think you might have heard about
a thousand tubes of lubrication that
they alleged were use at the Freak off
party
there there's all kinds of damning
alleged evidence that the government
already has but there is so much out
there with all these lawsuits and
additional allegations against him that
it's just a free-for-all of of evidence
that could be brought in you know it
reminds me obious T it reminds me a bit
of Harvey Weinstein where he was deemed
too big to fall in Hollywood you know
one of the biggest beasts in Hollywood
in every sense it turned out but he was
a guy you he won more Oscars for his
compan than I think any other person in
Hollywood history and so on you know it
seemed Untouchable until he wasn't and
now he's never coming out of prison
quite likely um I'm getting that same
kind of feeling about P Diddy that we
may actually never see him come out of
prison this might be
it yeah I I agree I mean there's a lot
of things operating here um to the point
that was brought up earlier the defense
will have to try to make these things
not admissible in court right some of
these civil suits if they can try to it
to where they cannot bring any of these
things up in court because they're civil
um issues and they're not relevant um
that can be that can work for P Diddy on
his side but I think that P Diddy is
like Jeffrey Epstein man these guys are
Untouchable and they have so much money
and that at some point it all comes
crashing down and there there two ways
of it crashing down one is that they
have so many different people that are
involved in these Diddy parties and
they've seen things and they've been
involved in things and they can leverage
those Witnesses against him and give
them amnesty or what not amnesty but
give them the ability to not be
prosecuted in order to testify against
him they did the same thing with Donald
Trump and and they're going to do the
same thing with P Diddy and it's a lot
of it there there's so many people that
went to these parties lrae who's a
Christian rap artist May mention that he
went to a diddy party and he didn't name
Diddy but he described a diddy party and
said he saw a whole bunch of behavior
that was Unbecoming that he had to at
some point leave so you got people that
are in the gospel music IND Ministry you
got celebrities who are artists you have
athletes you have a plethora of people
who have been involved in these
nefarious parties and that's going to be
very difficult for him to be able to
fight against all of these people who
have a eyewitness testimony of something
nefarious that have happened that could
be related to to human trafficking or
sex trafficking to minors yeah I mean
Lord Jamal I mean that's the thing isn't
it which is tantalizing everybody in
terms of the drama of this story is
which other dominoes are going to fall
you know we've all seen how many Mass
Stars hung around Diddy all the time and
went to these parties quite regularly
I'm not going to get into naming them
all now because it's sort of unfair as
well because just because you're there
doesn't mean you were party to either
seeing or participating in any criminal
activity but you know if you're a big
star who used to go to a lot of Diddy
parties right now you are
sweating listen there's a there's a
famous picture that's going around of a
girl who's allegedly underage on a table
naked where where uh different
celebrities are eating food and Sushi
off of her body and you know there's
plenty of well-known celebrities right
there in the picture uh and I saw a uh
actually an interview of this young lady
and if this if it's true what she's
saying it's some really horrible stuff
that took place at these
parties and some of your uh most
favorite actors athletes all kind kind
of people were participants in what was
going on allegedly well it seems that
there were were different stages of
these parties there was like a very
glamorous you know straightforward
drinks party then there was a second one
and then at like 3 in the morning came
the freakout stuff and that's the stuff
which clearly it was deeply unsavory it
might well have been uh deeply criminal
we'll find out Stacy final question for
you I mean I think I asked you this
earlier you said you 50-50 about baale
but does your gut tell you we're going
to see Diddy out in the streets again
again or is that it you
think the judges have been so rough with
the bail arguments and not accepting
anything that the defense was offering
but I think this time it does look
ridiculous in light of other well-known
defendants who are charged with similar
types of sex trafficking crimes they are
getting out they are posting large
multi-million dollar baales it doesn't
seem reasonable that he wouldn't be
given that same consideration however
the judge reviews the recorded calls
from prison um in Chambers and if he got
on those calls and there was any
semblance of alleged witness tampering
um from prison to the outside then there
is no way that he will be granted an
opportunity for bail so the judge will
signal what that is based on the
decision okay we'll have to wait and see
panel thank you very much indeed I
appreciate it